[THEME MUSIC]
>>EMERY SMITH: Today
on Cosmic Disclosure,
we are with David Adair, a
space technology consultant
and a retired field
officer from the Office
of Naval Intelligence.
Also joining us is
Tim, a tactical advisor
to covert analysts trying
to understand the missions
and strategies of non-human
intelligences on our planet.
Welcome, gentlemen.
>>TIM: Thank you.
>>DAVID ADAIR: Thank you.
>>EMERY: Is time travel
theoretical, or is it already
happening, David?
>>ADAIR: I can't say for sure.
I haven't worked in.
And is it possible?
Yes.
Is it probable?
Probably not.
The reason probably
not is the cost
that would be involved in this
thing would be extravagant.
I mean, you're talking
billions of dollars
to get the hardware
assembled up.
But for people to
say it's impossible,
yeah, it's just a matter of--
it's a question of two things.
How much, and how soon?
How much will
determine how soon.
I'm not aware of any
official programs
that ever tried to run one.
But I think if you
mess up in time travel,
it's a localized problem.
Meaning it's your
problem, not mine.
If you screw up, your
timeline's messed up.
The rest of us standing around
won't even know it happened.
>>EMERY: What do you think, Tim?
[CHUCKLES]
>>TIM: Well, Germany has a
long history of time traveling
attempts, at least.
And is it possible?
Yes, 100%.
Einstein basically dealt with
the question and other physics.
Has it been done?
Yes.
Basically the question is, do
you time travel by technology
or do you time travel by
the natural possibilities
that the universe itself has?
And we've talked about
that with you, Dave.
There are other
species that do not
have this impression
of time that we have.
So they basically can decide
what time they want to live in.
So time is basically a
temporal dimension for them,
which makes it a livable space.
So they can basically
walk through it.
>>EMERY: You can't
describe if it's a device
or is it something mental?
If the organism can--
>>TIM: For the Greys,
it's a mixture of both.
So what they have done
as a species is they
have installed a kind of
pseudo-mental-technological
network all over the universe
and across different dimensions
and frequencies as
well, because they
are exploring the universe
in a very rapid pace.
So they make sure that
wherever they come to,
they install these
outposts in order
to quick save their own
consciousness, which
is basically a kind
of cloud system
where they upload
their own consciousness
and their information.
And they can redistribute
and get back to that.
>>EMERY: Are their 3D physical
bodies dematerializing
and then rematerializing?
Or is it just they walk
through something or they--
how does that work?
>>TIM: So it's not a technology
where they enter a gate
and go through it.
It's more the understanding
of the universe.
And by having installed this
kind of network and can--
by that I mean upload
their own consciousness
into any time
whenever they want.
They then make sure that
they have these little puppet
bodies, which they
artificially use.
And they send them somewhere
rematerializing, I guess,
and entering them with the body.
So it's hugely complex.
And I don't think that's the
way a human could travel.
Because it needs some
kind of understanding
to the universe and the
reality to the universe,
some connectivity to it.
But yeah, humans definitely
have made experiments
with time travel.
And as far as I'm informed,
they got pretty successful
with shooting laser beams
through temporal dimensions
and even organic material.
>>EMERY: Dave, what would
you like to add to that?
>>ADAIR: Well, I
have this story.
And I'm going to
leave the names out.
>>EMERY: OK.
>>ADAIR: Because I have to.
But I'll give you some details,
but enough to where you
could actually check it out.
What happened was there was this
woman in Chicago, a Black lady.
And she was at home
in her living room.
And she had her nightgown
on and her little slippers.
And her daughter
was in her jammies.
And the daughter
said, oh, look, Mommy.
And there's this big white,
swirling disk, light,
in the middle of the room.
The daughter walks
right into it.
Being a little toddler.
Oh, pretty light, and walked in.
The mother, being a
mother, ran after her.
Dove in and got her.
And now the mother is sitting in
a dorm room in Toronto, Canada.
And the boy studying
for his test
looks over near this Black
lady and a little child there.
And he goes, what
are you doing here?
So he calls the
police, trespassing.
The police check it out.
And they said,
they checked out--
said, we checked out the
trains, the planes, the boats.
Cars, rent-a-cars.
Every mode of transportation.
And there's no
record of anything.
They're here just
in their jammies.
And then they said, we don't
know what to make of this.
But because it's inter-countries
now, the FBI is involved.
So the FBI is checking it out.
And they said, well, she
didn't use any obvious mode
of transportation.
But then when they
canvassed the neighborhood,
people saw her only
within 20 minutes.
How do you get from Chicago to
Toronto, Canada, in 20 minutes?
And they go, what is going on?
So they have us look at it.
And I come here go, what do
you want me to do about it?
I said, how is she?
She's fine.
So can you give us
any kind of clue?
And I said, I'll
give you a theory.
I said, I think what happened--
I've been sitting here for an
hour with you guys talking.
This planet has moved
100,000 miles through space
in one hour.
That's the speed we travel.
So what could have
happened-- the Earth
passed through a mini wormhole.
Her daughter steps in, and
she goes after her daughter.
Damn good thing that they only
ended up in Toronto, Canada,
not on some planet
with no atmosphere
or in the middle of the Sun.
And we are left with a
quandary of trying to explain,
and we can't.
So we just flew the woman home.
I went back for a follow
up only one week later.
The house is gone.
>>EMERY: What?
>>ADAIR: It's flattened.
>>EMERY: Oh my goodness.
>>ADAIR: And there's
a chain link fence
around with government fencing.
This property is now property
of the United States government.
Da, da, da, stay off of it.
And it's locked up.
And that's all.
I left and never went back.
But something happened
and even to this day,
I keep thinking about it.
Because that was
real time travel.
>>EMERY: Do you think
they locked it up
because they maybe thought
it could happen again
in the same spot?
>>ADAIR: That was a
reasonable thought I had.
Like, boy, you don't want
this to happen here again.
And they think that
wormholes, some theories
is that it repeats itself.
So it may do that.
But I think they're just
covering their bases.
But the woman was gone.
I couldn't find her.
No trace, no forwarding address.
Just gone.
But it does look
really suspicious,
like it was a cover up.
Because that situation raised
more questions than they
could ever answer.
But that's the
first and only case
I ever come in contact where
somebody physically was gone
from their house
thousands of miles
away in just a matter
of minutes, seconds.
So what was that?
>>EMERY: What's the
difference between time travel
and changing timelines?
What do you think, Tim?
>>TIM: I think I
can answer this.
So dimensions are
basically units in order
to measure where you
are located in space.
A temporal dimension
is another dimension
that you add to it so you
can basically determine where
someone is in time and space.
So if you think
about time traveling,
then basically this is
like modifying and altering
the coordinates and the
algorithm of your own, well,
material body.
And your awareness as
well, because you can time
travel with your awareness
without your body,
and you can time travel by
readjusting your material
body to another position.
This is basically time
traveling a timeline.
So the universe has
a tree-like structure
in regards to time, which means
you have a very big, thick time
strain in the middle,
which is a stable timeline
for the universe to succeed, to
have a sustainable development.
And you have all these
individual timelines
forming around it in
a fractal movement.
Which, if you look
from it from the top,
it looks a little bit like
a tree that goes down.
So basically every one of us is
on its own individual timeline.
And you can do whatever.
You called it a localized
problem, which is basically it.
So you can mess around
with your own timeline.
But you will not necessarily
affect the time string
in the middle.
The universe has this
interesting pattern
that it recorrects
so-called failed timelines.
Which means when your own
timeline gets destabilized,
you basically get reintegrated
into the major stable time
strain in the middle.
So that's error proof mechanism
that the universe naturally
has.
>>EMERY: With timelines
and time travel,
is there someone
in charge of that?
Is there an
extraterrestrial race?
Or have you heard of this?
There's a governing situation
on time travel and timelines.
>>TIM: So--
>>EMERY: And laws.
>>TIM: As always,
those are in charge
who put themselves in charge.
[CHUCKLES]
So--
>>EMERY: Because
it's their timeline.
>>TIM: It's their timeline
and they have the algorithms.
So is there someone in charge?
Yes, there are some species that
have put themselves in charge.
And they correct timelines
and they recorrect.
And that's basically
what they're doing.
>>EMERY: Who are these
species that are in charge?
>>TIM: The most information
I got is about the Greys.
They do it.
They've put themselves
into controlling timelines
and recorrecting them.
A reptile species that are
also capable of doing so.
The interesting thing is--
or the most interesting
thing is what Being Six
told us is that we're all on a
very, very old, ancient thought
of the universe.
Which is basically the universe
at some point at its origin
theoretically and expands
from that position.
And we're pretty much at the
outer end of that thought,
so to speak.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>TIM: So we are
very, very far away.
What we perceive
here as something
that's actually already done.
It's already solved.
So we're still experiencing
it, because we're inside of it.
But it's already solved.
And what this
species are doing is
they are pretty much
going back through time,
because they can travel
that, and correct things.
So that in the end,
even though we're here,
we are all ending up at the
stable point of unification
at some point, at some time.
>>EMERY: Are you aware
of any events in history
that may be modified?
>>TIM: So we raised the
question and we got the answer.
So they talked about
the Cuba conflict,
which is something where they
say they modified things.
Because it turned out badly
in some other versions,
in some other timelines.
And they put it
together so that we have
the outcome that we now have.
The thing about
temporal development
is that once it's
done, it's done.
So it's basically
not possible to think
about what has happened if that
has been a failed timeline.
Because a failed timeline
gets reintegrated.
And you have a stable one.
And basically, we're all alive.
>>EMERY: Where does
the Akashic Record
fit into this theory of thought?
>>TIM: Oh, the Akashic
Record is basically
a cultural term for a
phenomena of the universe
that the universe itself is more
or less a kind of hard disk.
It's a big memory system.
Because we're all
connected to it.
>>EMERY: Well, if there's
different timelines,
do all the timelines get
saved in this memory?
>>TIM: Well, basically if you
think about source itself,
then everything is
stored in there.
Everything that
could have happened,
will happen, has happened,
and will not happen.
And everything beyond that
is as well stored in that.
Yeah.
>>EMERY: How would we
know if an event changed
in the past or the future?
>>TIM: We don't.
Because once it's
done, it's done.
>>ADAIR: People don't realize
what that statement is.
I mean, what if Hitler won?
That big--
>>EMERY: That's exactly
what I was thinking
when we started talking.
>>ADAIR: Gee whiz.
>>TIM: But that raises an
interesting other question,
because why is nobody correcting
that World War, you know?
>>ADAIR: Wow.
>>EMERY: True.
>>TIM: And the answer is
there are certain spiritual
and emotional learning
processes going
on that are necessary for
this to be good in the end.
So you cannot go and
erase World War II,
because this is something-- you
could call it a pop cultural
term, like karma or something.
But it's there.
It created conflict.
It created solutions.
The need of solutions.
And if you take that
away, then humanity
loses a lot of its
learning process.
>>ADAIR: Wow.
>>EMERY: So what do
you think about CERN?
What is going on over there.
>>ADAIR: I'm
suspicious with them.
They've got power and money.
A lot of equipment.
A lot of power.
And they're risk takers.
They could be pushing
that envelope.
They may be pushing
in time travel.
And thank goodness,
like I said earlier,
it's a localized problem.
Because if they just want
to mess up their timeline,
then go right ahead.
Just don't bother us.
But they may be heading
in that direction,
because the very first thing I
said I would do is cyclotron.
That's the first
thing come to mind.
And what do they got?
The biggest cyclotron
on the planet.
So yeah, I think they're
thinking in that direction.
>>EMERY: When beings master
time travel and travel
around changing
time, creating chaos,
is that going to affect
the future timeline?
And will we know about that?
>>ADAIR: Excellent question.
You better hope you have
a temporal police that
know how to chase people
down like that or beings that
stop them before they
cause something so bad
that all the time lines go.
>>EMERY: I believe there is
something like that in place.
>>TIM: So the worst
thing that could happen
is if there are things done
in a previous time, which
means way back.
Cover it in such a
way that it seems
to be a natural occurring
or a self-governing process.
Which means basically
what I indicate
that as humanity has done
some really stupid decisions
over time.
And the question here is,
did they do it themselves?
And probably not.
So that is how you create
chaos in the timeline.
And then the question--
and you asked
about a time police, which there
is or at least some species
dedicate themselves to this.
They have to figure out things
that happened in the past--
is this a decision that a
species has done to themselves,
or is this something
that someone covertly
has influenced at that time?
And is there a right to it?
Because who came first?
Is it the species
with the time travel,
or is this the natural
development of time?
>>EMERY: Are there any
correlations between time
travel and
interdimensional travel?
>>TIM: Time travel is
inter-dimensional travel.
Because what is a dimension?
A dimension is just a way
to triangulate your position
in space.
And if you take time as
another dimension to it,
you have two points
that add to that.
So basically if
you move yourself
between one time
to another time,
you've basically done
inter-dimensional travel.
>>EMERY: So when beings
master time travel,
what happens if they have
their own selfish agenda
that they want to go change or
influence something of time?
>>TIM: Are species creating
chaos by time travel?
The answer's yes, because
there are so many species that
have different agendas.
As we talked about, policing.
We've also learned
that there are
some sets of laws that
species use in order
to determine if a modification
in a timeline is correct
or not.
Better species try to influence
timelines as less as possible.
Those who are a little
controversial with timelines,
they use their capabilities in
order to create as much chaos
in a potentially
cloaked and covert way.
So basically those species
that are overseeing timelines,
they always question
if what happened
happened naturally out of
itself, or has someone--
in Germany you would say
put a flea into your ear?
I don't know if you'd
say that in English.
Which means--
>>EMERY: I wouldn't want that.
>>TIM: Yeah, right.
Right.
You know?
Like influencing
someone and saying,
hey, you could go over there
and give them some guns.
Would be nice.
Let's see what turns out.
>>EMERY: I think we're
definitely all in agreement
that it is possible.
But what's the
likelihood that's going
to happen in this lifetime?
>>ADAIR: Unless they're
already doing it, pretty slim.
>>EMERY: Why is that?
>>ADAIR: It's because of
the basic infrastructure
you would need.
And infrastructure for time
travel just really don't exist.
If it did, we would have
structured classes on it.
In our universities, we'd be
teaching and putting degrees
into it.
So you could
manipulate and use it.
At best, right now, it's
just all theoretical.
>>EMERY: What do you think, Tim?
What's the likelihood here?
>>TIM: From what I've
observed from humanity,
I'd say that whenever
there's a great technology
with some advantages
to some thing,
groups try to hold it back.
It's not that humanity
shares well enough.
It should.
>>EMERY: Well,
the talk out there
is we're at this high point
of acceleration in time.
And there's a possibility
of bifurcation
of timelines with consciousness
and unconscious being.
Is that something
that's possible?
What do you think about that?
>>ADAIR: Yeah, because it
would be a consciousness that
would dictate which
way you're going
in your timeline for
good effect, bad effect.
For personal gain,
not personal gain.
Altruistic and whatever
you want to be.
But yeah, consciousness
definitely
would be determining how
you apply the science.
>>EMERY: And I see that
happening in the world today.
Every day I see more and
more consciousness movement
and activity.
>>ADAIR: Yeah.
>>EMERY: And which,
it really seems to be
accelerating quickly.
If it did bifurcate, we
wouldn't even know, would we?
>>TIM: No, because the
way humans perceive time,
it's a lineal,
logical structure.
It's basically where you see
some glitches in time when
timelines get reintegrated
into the time string
and it doesn't make quite sense.
So you find double information
that contradicts itself,
for example.
So you have stories about
the past that do not fit in.
They are paradoxes, for example.
I've stood pretty close to one
of the most experienced life
forms in the universe.
And even they don't have the
capability to exactly influence
temporal dimensions on point,
which is because if you throw
an impulse into the
temporal dimension,
it's more or less like
the surface of water.
It creates certain
temporal ripples that get
reflected by all those other
timelines and decisions
that's been made.
And you can't really determine
what's the result of that.
>>EMERY: If you could hit
a button and time travel,
David, what would
you go back and do?
>>ADAIR: God,
whatever you would do
would have massive
repercussions.
For instance, I'll go back
and stop the assassination
of John F. Kennedy.
>>TIM: Right.
>>EMERY: That's a good one.
>>ADAIR: Imagine
what that would do.
It could go either way.
You can have race
wars and everything
going terribly wrong.
Or it would be a fabulous event.
Whatever you pick, you'd
have to weigh it out,
because there would be
guaranteed consequences.
>>EMERY: You might not come
back to the same place.
>>ADAIR: Exactly.
And you don't know which
way it's going to go.
It could blow up in your
face or blow up behind you
and push you
through a good door.
But you don't know.
It's a roll of the dice.
>>EMERY: Right, yeah.
I don't think I
would do anything.
I would just observe.
How about you, Tim?
>>TIM: You would just observe?
>>EMERY: Yeah, just observe.
>>TIM: Wow.
It's a fascinating
question, because you
could go really far back.
And yeah, what
would you do then?
So quite often, I'm thinking
about if I had the chance
and could go back to
the 1930s and just
have a history book and show
someone in the right chancery--
>>ADAIR: Books.
A good idea.
>>TIM: Yeah, and not to
win the war or something.
Just to show what's
happening with Germany.
He might see what's
happening in the world.
After that, it hopefully stops
immediately all sorts of war
at all.
I hope.
>>EMERY: Do any of you believe
that you have time traveled out
of this reality?
>>ADAIR: I haven't
had any evidence.
Ironically, you.
I've never had that
case that's so strong,
stepping out in the hallway.
Turn around and meet somebody
you've never met before,
and you got recall.
All this memory.
And I'm going,
what is that about?
And I've never ran
into that before.
Not like that.
Man, I knew you.
You could tell by
my face I knew you.
>>TIM: I know.
>>ADAIR: And it's like,
man, what's going on?
I've never met this guy.
But I had recall.
Not like you owed me money.
[LAUGHS]
It was good ventures,
whatever it was.
>>EMERY: You're tapped
into multiple timelines.
>>ADAIR: I guess.
>>EMERY: And
dimensions that you--
>>ADAIR: That
would explain that,
because there's nothing else
that would explain that.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>ADAIR: And it wasn't just,
oh, he reminds me of somebody.
No, it's like an old
friend with, yeah, it's
an old friend and recall.
You're recalling it.
And like, whoa, that was
a real reality somewhere.
I've never had
that happen before.
It just came right
out of the blue.
Last thing on my mind.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>TIM: Beautiful.
>>EMERY: How about you, Tim?
>>TIM: Well, I
don't feel right--
I don't feel completely
integrated in this reality, so.
>>EMERY: You got one
foot in, one foot out.
>>TIM: So I don't think
it's possible to not
be time traveling as long
as you are inside of time.
So I completely cannot integrate
the thought of no time travel,
where you're actually moving
towards time literally every
second, every moment.
>>EMERY: OK.
>>ADAIR: He brought something
really interesting about--
I didn't think of it
applied to time travel.
But I never felt I have ever--
I've never been
at home anywhere.
Anywhere at any
time my entire life.
And I never thought that
could be due to time travel.
Who would know?
But I do know that
whenever I'm sat in a room
with people and a house, in
various homes, nice places,
I never feel at home.
You know when people say, oh,
I'm right where I should be.
This is home.
And I'll sit there, god,
I wish I could say that.
I have never felt at home
on this planet, ever.
>>EMERY: Well that's why
since you were young,
you've been building
rockets to get--
>>ADAIR: I guess--
>>EMERY: GTF out.
>>ADAIR: Trying to
get out of here.
Even when I was with
my family, they never
felt like they were family.
They were great to me.
I got along.
They loved me, I loved them.
Did things.
Had a good relationship.
Had a good family.
But they never felt like family.
I always thought, my
family's somewhere else.
And I haven't seen
them in a lifetime.
It'd sure be nice to
meet up with them again.
>>TIM: And you know
what Being Six said?
It said the whole
reason why we all
have this from
their perspectives
is that we find home.
That we find the
feeling of home.
Every particle, every
consciousness unit
of everything, needs
to rearrange itself
until it's in that feeling
of, wow, I'm so at home.
And once that's done, the
universe knows how it looks.
>>ADAIR: Wow.
Yeah.
You're right.
In our community,
I've had people
come up and tell me, oh,
you chose to come here.
And I said, no, I'm going
to tell you how it happened.
I lost a bet.
And I'm paying it off.
And I'm paying it off by
being here in this place.
And it was a terrible bet.
Sorry.
So I'll pay up.
But do you think I
asked to come here?
You're out of your
friggin' mind.
>>TIM: Right.
>>ADAIR: There's no way I
asked to come to a place like--
I lost a bet.
I don't know what possessed
me to make a bet like that.
But I'm trying to make the best
out of it and do what I can
and try to leave the
place better off than when
I found it.
And that's a good way
to approach it, I guess.
>>EMERY: Well, Tim and I just
saw you getting in the cab,
so we just jumped in with you.
>>ADAIR: Yeah.
>>EMERY: Next time, you can pick
that blue planet, the big water
one with the mermaids and
mermans running around.
>>ADAIR: Yeah.
Or somewhere a little bit
less hostile and greedy.
>>EMERY: Exactly.
>>ADAIR: But this place
here, man, this is a planet--
this is a school of hard knocks.
>>EMERY: It is.
>>ADAIR: This is it.
>>EMERY: It's a big
educational process.
>>ADAIR: Oh, man,
people, if that's
what you were looking
for, you've got it.
You made it.
>>TIM: And that makes it so
interesting to all the ETs.
Because that creates a high
evolutionary potential.
Right?
>>ADAIR: Agree with that.
Yeah, you come out of here, you
will be evolved or devolved.
But something will
happen to you.
>>TIM: Yeah.
And lot of problems make
lots of room for solutions.
And that creates
diversity again, you know?
>>ADAIR: And you don't
interact with this world
without repercussions.
>>TIM: Right.
>>ADAIR: And it sticks
to you like glue.
So you better make
the best of it.
>>EMERY: Well, guys,
that was a great episode.
I can't thank you more
enough for being here, David.
>>ADAIR: My pleasure.
>>EMERY: And Tim, it's always
a pleasure to have you here.
>>TIM: Thank you.
>>EMERY: I'm Emery Smith, and
this is Cosmic Disclosure.
Until next time.
>>FEMALE VOICEOVER: Next
on Cosmic Disclosure.
>>EMERY: Where do you guys
see the UAP narrative going?
>>ADAIR: I think they're
really concerned they're
about to get busted.
They're going to get caught
in one of the biggest
lies in world history.
And when it starts unraveling,
it's going to keep going.
>>TIM: But what's interesting
is when you mention corruption,
some of these species
don't even have an idea
or a concept of corruption.
>>ADAIR: They're
going to get it.
[LAUGHS]
>>TIM: That is true.
>>ADAIR: Next thing
you know, we're
going to know about
people on the moon.
[THEME MUSIC]